stevep/update-cost-api (#1196)
Shopify/ui-extensions: .changeset/short-wolves-laugh.md

---
'@shopify/ui-extensions': minor
'@shopify/ui-extensions-react': minor
---

> Uses the functionality of Login with Shop to power logging in or signing up with Shop. Upon success, redirects to Shop Pay checkout.

Reviewer: Language nit: 
```suggestion
New `LoginWithShop` UI component for checkout. Redirects the buyer to Shop Pay.
```
